adding_usage_template in Design Guide (#4709)
adafruit/circuitpython: docs/design_guide.rst

              spi.readinto(self.buf)
          return self.buf[0]

> Class example template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Class documentation example template
```

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
When documenting classes, you could use the following template to illustrate the basic class functioning.

> it is closely related with the simpletest, however this will display the information in the readthedocs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is similar to the simpletest example, however this will display the information in the Read The Docs
```

documentation.

> The advantage of using this, is users will be familiar with this as it is used across libraries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantage of using this template is it makes the documentation consistent across the libraries.
```
